A very good response to the brief! The game has been designed with a clear vision and meets the outlined design pillars effectively. Throughout the semester you have been professional in your communications with the client and has managed to produce something they should be happy with. The focus on making the game replayable is a positive aspect. Offering something new to try each time encourages players to engage with the game multiple times and enhances its longevity, something useful for this particular brief. The emphasis on filling the game world with interactions and hidden elements is a great way to incentivize exploration. As such, players are motivated to search every corner of the game, ensuring that they don't miss out on any hidden surprises. Also, the decision to keep the game mechanics and systems easily understood is commendable. By making it accessible and beatable by a wide range of players, you increase the potential audience and create a casual and enjoyable experience. Designing the game to impart knowledge that players can apply in real-life weather emergencies is a unique and valuable aspect and you did a pretty good job pulling it off, so well done with that. While the game is not to be completely realistic (and didn’t have to be), its truthful representation can provide players with useful information. Some points for improvement: The puzzle elements could have been a little more extensive allowing for further interactions with the environment and learning more organically. While still fulfilling the brief, it would have been great to see some more detail in some areas, such as the sound (I remember there were plans for vocalisations, what happened to those?). Also, some of the water sounds in the forest are a bit odd, there seems to be motion but is this supposed to be the player walking in the water, or just the sound of the water nearby? Also, when the player walks in the library the environment ambience is still audible. The wind sound is also clipping at places and some transitions are very abrupt. Finally, the transition of the music from the main menu to the game is abrupt. The sound design and its implementation would be the biggest point for improvement – as it stands it doesn’t match the pristine quality of the visuals. That being said, it is still convincing enough to sell the whole experience. Also, communication between certain team members could have been a bit better throughout the semester. Overall, a very good effort, so well done.